hello everyone this is Dasha of the
reset load youtube channel otherwise
known as read ash on the EU for
Shiverpeaks server and in this video I'm
gonna show you how to get the Vista
located here the zone I am in is blaze
Ridge steps a level 40 to 50 zone and
the Vista is located right under the
text Monument grounds on the map I've
seen quite a lot of people asking about
this Vista it's located right up there
so people go around here because it
looks like you maybe you can jump up
here time up somehow so but I round the
whole thing over and over again and can
find it and then I saw if you're
standing right here
in the middle here on the ground level
and you face the Vista you can go up
these stairs and yes getting this Vista
is so easy once you find the actual path
it is so easy and I felt so irritated by
myself for not having found it after
spending such a long time running around
and it's this easy
there it is that's the Vista quite easy
but yeah I mean I spent like an hour
running around here and yet I couldn't
find it until now so don't feel bad if
you didn't find it on you know first try
it was easy to miss well I miss it so
and yeah that was that Vista got new
armor now it's not as good-looking as
the previous one but it's certainly
better precision condition precision
condition you see I've gotten quite I've
also leveled up my jewelry
it isn't really up to par I'm 1159 but
it's it's alright for now so yeah thank
you for watching hope this has helped
someone and see you next time bye
you